                                                    Project 1: Hands On Real World ML Problem
                                                                                        ---Code With Harry

Introduction:
    The CEO of "Dragon Real Estate" want a machine learning model that can pridict actual price of House taking some features for the houses as input.

Problem TearDown:
    1. We are given dataset of house prices with some features like no of bathrooms, no bedrooms, etc.
    2. Our taskis to create a model which will predict the price for any new house ny looking at the features.
    3. While learning about Machine Learning it is best to actually work with real-world data, not just artifical datasets.
    4. There are hundreds of open datasets to choose from. We have already talked about the same in this ML course.

Getting Started:
    1. The first question Harry should ask Mr. Joseph what is the business objective and end goal? How will Dragon real estates bebefil from the model.
    2. Mr. Joseph tells harry that Dragon real estates will use the model to predict house prices in a given area and will incvest int eh area if its undervalued.
    3. Next question Harry should ask Mr. Joseph is how does the current solution look like? The answer is - Manual experts who analyze the features.
    4. The predictions made by so called "experts" are not very good (error rate is 25%) which is why Dragon real estates Pvt. Ltd. os counting on Harry.

Finding The Type Of Model to Build:
    1. Supervised, Unsupervised, or Reinforcement Learning?
    2. Classification task or Regression task?
    3. Batch learning or online learning techniques?

Selecting a Performance Measure:
    1. A typical Performance measure for regression probelms is the Root Mean Square Error (RMSE).
    2. RMSE is generally the preferred performance measure for regression task, so we choose it for this particular problems we are solving for Dragon real estates
       Pvt. Ltd.
    3. Other performance measure include Mean Absolure Error, Manhanttan norm, etc but we will use RMSE for the Problems.

Checking the Assumptions:
    1. It is very important for harry to check for any assumptions he might have made and correct them before launching ML system.
    2. For example, he should make sure that the team needs the price and not the categories like expensive, cheap, etc.
    3. It latter is the case, formulating the problem as a regression task will be counted as a big mistake.
    4. Harry talked to the Dragon real estate team members and ensured that he is aware of all the assumptions.


Software Setup:
    Commands:
        winget install Python
        pip3 install --upgrade numpy scikit-learn matplotlib scipy jupyter pandas

Getting DataSet:
    Go Kaggle.com and download DataSet From their.